feature/CU-7ppt8t_meshPolicies-Self-Service (#293)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.mesh-policies.md

---
id: meshstack.mesh-policies
title: Mesh Policies
---

> Mesh policies can be set up between meshObjects, i.e., meshCustomer, meshProject, meshLandingZone and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meshPolicies can be set up between meshObjects, i.e., meshCustomer, meshProject, meshLandingZone and
```

---
id: meshstack.mesh-policies
title: Mesh Policies
---

> meshPolicies can be set up between meshObjects, i.e., meshCustomer, meshProject, meshLandingZone and

Reviewer: I think it will help to describe that a policy can have multiple rules and that every rules has to apply in order for a policy to apply. But only 1 policy needs to match in order to assign the two objects. https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ceXtt6ITMOXMhjPcbAb0jvJyHSk_fHaDLPzSQJd1Qak/edit#slide=id.g913724683f_0_415 slide 24 and 25 make a visual example we could incorporate

Author: I have added it to the Working explanation section. Please check it.

meshCustomerUserGroup. In the administration area, there is an option of 'Policies' in the 'Compliance' section of the

> navigation area. After clicking policies, you can view all policies in the system. Since this is a BETA version we only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigation area. After clicking policies, you can view all policies in your meshStack instance. Since this is a BETA version we only
```

> navigation area. After clicking policies, you can view all policies in the system. Since this is a BETA version we only

Reviewer: I dont get the reasoning behind the beta. The described behaviour will not change

Author: Then why we are showing BETA in the panel. I thought in the future we can define policies based on other fields too including tags.

support tags for policies between meshObjects.

> ## Create Policies

Reviewer: Please add information about the policies being applied for every object instance of the specified objects. This can cause problems so they better be sure

Author: Added at the end of 'Create Policies' section

> Policy creation is only possible for a user who has a partner admin role right. There is a 'Create Policy' button top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy creation is only possible for a user who has a partner admin role. There is a 'Create Policy' button top
```

> right on the policies screen. After clicking on it, there is a redirection to the screen of Create Policy where all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
right on the policies screen. After clicking on it, there is a redirection to the screen of "Create Policy" where all
```

> details need to be filled up. To create the policy, you need to add the policy name in the form. Then you need to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details need to be filled out. To create the policy, you need to add the policy name in the form. Then you need to add
```

> left and right meshObjects from the dropdown menu. For ease of use, we already restricted the object combinations which

Reviewer: we dont call them left and right. Its simple one object and the other there is no direction

Author: yes, changed

do not make sense. You can choose only possible object combinations. Once you select both objects, the section for
adding rules will appear where you can select the tag of selected meshObject.

### Working explanation

You can choose a possible tag for your organization for a particular meshObject. E.g. if you choose meshProject and
meshLandingZone, and rule applied on environment tag with operator 'in' (which is the only operator we support now).
Operator 'in' works like an intersection between the objects. Then you can assign a landing zone with prod environment
to a project which has prod environment tag. If a project has three tags - dev, test, qa then that landing zone cannot
be assignable. There has to be at least one rule assigned for policy.

## Edit Policies

In the policy item list, there is an edit policy button in the 'Actions' column which redirects to the Edit Policy
screen where one can update the policy.

## Delete policies

> In the policy item list, there is a delete policy button in the 'Actions' column. On clicking, it waits for 5 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the policy item list, there is a "delete policy" button in the 'Actions' column. On clicking, it waits for 5 seconds
```

> In the policy item list, there is a delete policy button in the 'Actions' column. On clicking, it waits for 5 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the policy item list, there is a delete policy button in the 'Actions' column. On clicking, it waits for 5 seconds
```
What is it?

Author: It explains the delete policy process. Action around delete policy button.

---
id: meshstack.mesh-policies
title: Mesh Policies
---

meshPolicies can be set up between meshObjects, i.e., meshCustomer, meshProject, meshLandingZone and
meshCustomerUserGroup. In the administration area, there is an option of 'Policies' in the 'Compliance' section of the

> navigation area. After clicking policies, you can view all policies in your meshStack instance. Since this is a BETA

Reviewer: I dont get the reason why this is beta. It is not planned to have other policies besides the meshObjects

Author: Then showing the BETA label in the panel is valid or not?.

Reviewer: I think its ok to show the beta label because it is a new thing we have not fully figured out. Just remove the whole remark about the beta.

Author: okay.

version we only support tags for policies between meshObjects.

## Create Policies

Policy creation is only possible for a user who has a partner admin role. There is a 'Create Policy' button top
right on the policies screen. After clicking on it, there is a redirection to the screen of "Create Policy" where all
details need to be filled out. To create the policy, you need to add the policy name in the form. Then you need to add
both the meshObjects from the dropdown menu. For ease of use, we already restricted the object combinations which
do not make sense. You can choose only possible object combinations. Once you select both objects, the section for
adding rules will appear where you can select the tag of selected meshObject. It is a global rule which will be applied
everywhere. The created policy has been applied to every configuration which has selected meshObjects.

### Working explanation

> You can choose a possible tag for your organization for a particular meshObject. E.g. if you choose meshProject and

Reviewer: the first two sentences doesnt make sense. Can you have a look @kshitijyelpale

Author: done

meshLandingZone, and rule applied on environment tag with operator 'in' (which is the only operator we support now).

> Operator 'in' works like an intersection between the objects. Then you can assign a landing zone with prod environment

Reviewer: inconsistent use of object sometimes its meshObject sometimes object

Author: fixed

> to a project which has prod environment tag. If a project has three tags - dev, test, qa then that landing zone cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a project which has a prod environment tag. If a project has three tags - dev, test, qa then that landing zone cannot
```

> be assignable. It is possible to assign multiple rules while creating policy but at least one rule should be assigned,

Reviewer: thats wrong. All rules of a policy have to be true. There is an "or" operator between the policies but a "and" operator between the rules

Author: okay.
